Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, what we just did is known as dependency injection.
But in this lecture, we're going to make our code more concise.
The head of See your cat's item screen.
You're going to see.
We have created up to five variables.
Right.
Okay.
Now head up to your model statutory and then your cat's attributes.
Hi.
You're going to see we have similar variables already, right?
So there's really no need for these variables over the items create.
Okay.
So now we're going to get rid of all this.
And that's what we're going to need to get rid of the constructor.
Okay.
Now you're going to go to the courts.
Screen culture and be as well.
Going to need to get read.
Oh, this.
Gets rid.
Of this as well.
Okay.
Great.
No.
Okay.
We can't just escort you unnecessary.
Now, already Cox item.
We are going to use the cots model attributes.
Okay.
We're going to use this.
Data.
Okay.
Lots of others did this.
We are going to go back to the cards.
Screen.
Sorry, the cards.
I have screen.
Okay.
Right then.
Over here, we're going to create a final variable.
It's going to be called on the scorecards.
Attribute.
Okay.
It's going to be equal to provide provider.
Provide.
The arts.
Okay.
We can alight and use controlled darts in pots.
Is going to be darts.
Lots of contests.
We can pass the cuts attributes.
Okay, great.
Okay.
I'll click on this first.
This is all this is going to be on the scorecards.
Etc..
Does the material.
Click on this.
On the scorecards achievement.
But I think it is tighter and tighter because this era.
This kid is going to be on the scorecards, actually, but.
Archibald Prize.
Okay.
Finally.
It's going to be on the scorecards afterwards.
Dirt, quantity.
Okay.
Nice control.
Necessary.
Now you're going to have an error.
Okay.
I see.
Because we need to wrap this with the change, not a fire.
So we're going to go back to the.
Cuts.
Cut screen.
Cards.
Okay.
Now.
We are we are using this okay to air regular light and use control.
And that's what we did.
We just going to change, not see the fire.
That's if I provide that value.
Okay.
But we can reduce it in this time and there's going to be value.
For the value, there's going to be a.
On the scorecard provider, then dot gets cut item.
Then to add value, we also need to convert this to lists and.
This is going to be intense to assess each item.
What can I use?
Control necessary.
Okay.
Great, Sims.
Good.
Right.
Our code is now concise.
Now, if we don't see you understand, you can then let me know.
Okay.
I'll try this.
Okay, great.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next lecture.